BTA-8016 Update SandBox Paying Documentation (#100)
transferzero/api-documentation: _docs/sandbox-testing.md

    // Process validation error
  }
  throw e;
}
```
{% endcapture %}

{% capture data-php %}
```php
$payinMethodRequest = new PayinMethodRequest();
$payinMethodRequest->setType("GHS::Mobile");
$api = new TransactionsApi();
try {
  $response = api->payinTransaction("77f89fa-8371-496c-ae73-e56697fc08d8", payinMethodRequest);
} catch (ApiException $e) {
  if ($e->isValidationError()) {
    $response = $e->getResponseObject();
    // Process validation error
  }
  throw $e;
}
```
{% endcapture %}

{% capture data-ruby %}
```ruby
payin_method_request = TransferZero::PayinMethodRequest.new
payin_method_request.type = "GHS::Mobile"
api = TransferZero::TransactionsApi.new
begin
  response = api.payin_transaction("77f89fa-8371-496c-ae73-e56697fc08d8", payin_method_request)
rescue TransferZero::ApiError => e
  if e.validation_error
    response = e.response_object("TransactionResponse")
    # Process validation error
  end
  raise e
end
```
{% endcapture %}
{% include language-tabbar.html prefix="gen-payin-transaction-call" raw=data-raw csharp=data-csharp vb=data-vb java=data-java js=data-js php=data-php ruby=data-ruby %}

# Forcing collections to succeed

> When using our [collections feature]({{ "/docs/additional-features/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#collections-from-senders) you can force the collection to succeed. Please see the documentation of this feature in our [API specification guide](https://api.transferzero.com/documentation/#/Transactions/payin-transaction)

Reviewer: Should we also remove this, or incorporate it into the additions you've made?

Author: Thanks

> When using our [collections feature]({{ "/docs/additional-features/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#collections-from-senders) you can force the collection to succeed. Please see the documentation of this feature in our [API specification guide](https://api.transferzero.com/documentation/#/Transactions/payin-transaction)

Reviewer: Should we also remove this, or incorporate it into the additions you've made?

You can use the `POST /transactions/[TRANSFERZERO_TRANSACTION_ID]/payout` endpoint with an empty body to force a funded, but not yet paid transaction to succeed. You can use this endpoint to test out if you are receiving successful transaction webhooks properly.

# Forcing transactions to pay in

> You can use the `POST /transactions/[TRANSFERZERO_TRANSACTION_ID]/payin` endpoint with a `PayinMethodRequest` body to force a successful payin. You can use this endpoint to test out if you are receiving successful transaction webhooks properly.See the examples below using our SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `POST /transactions/[TRANSFERZERO_TRANSACTION_ID]/payin` endpoint with a `PayinMethodRequest` body to force a successful payin, for example to test out if you are receiving successful transaction webhooks properly. See the examples below using our SDKs.
```
What do you think to this?

{% capture data-raw %}
```javascript
POST /v1/transactions/e77f89fa-8371-496c-ae73-e56697fc08d8/payin
{
  "payin_method": {
    "type": "GHS::Mobile"
  }
}
```
{% endcapture %}

> {% capture data-csharp %}

Reviewer 2: Were these generated using the codegenerator?

Author: @sztupy  this has been updated
